hi I'm Luke Haas and this is in my room
this outfit is made by a friend of
Michael Peggy Noland and she wrote a
little note saying all your dreams are
going to come true with this outfit
I worried 100 million times and then
there was one point that I thought I was
enough so I framed it so I couldn't take
it back this is the donkey from her
second cover
I made the donkey I was watching lots of
lost the TV show that's why the image is
so green like this I almost threw this
donkey away in many many times I felt
too heartbroken and I glad it I'm glad I
didn't do it because I really liked it
this t-shirt is from the day me and my
band mates with my Joan Jett I started
to styling my top and I framed it and
then she also wrote to love Fox you were
amazing
I think I'm kind of like a mixture of a
little kid and an old lady I really like
collecting porcelain figures I have this
deer that I bought in Sao Paulo I have
no idea what the hell this is for but I
found it in Portland it's exactly the
same thing I have tattooed here I call
this the crazy constant when I moved to
são Paulo 16 and this album last flash
was really life-changing for me then we
met Bridgers in Japan so I got my vinyl
signed when we were playing that
festival you know
a signature and you know asking for
somebody really like to sign for you for
me means a lot